[Images] Added with parameter updates (#18055)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/images/width.mdx

  cf: {image: {width: 250}}
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Ideally, image sizes should match exactly the size they are displayed on the page. If the page contains thumbnails with markup such as `<img width="200">`, then you can resize the image by applying `width=200`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, image sizes should match the exact dimensions at which they are displayed on the page. If the page contains thumbnails with markup such as `<img width="200">`, then you can resize the image by applying `width=200`.
```

[To serve responsive images](/images/transform-images/make-responsive-images/#transform-with-html-srcset), you can use the HTML srcset element and apply width parameters.

> `auto`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auto`
```
Is this meant to be a header?

Author: Good callout! Not necessarily because it's one of the options you can use with the width parameter, but I think it's not necessarily clear that the description below is for auto. I'll combine into one line!
